Allow users to add host user accounts to /etc/passwd (#12627)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-create.1.md

Sets the container host name that is available inside the container. Can only be used with a private UTS namespace `--uts=private` (default). If `--pod` is specified and the pod shares the UTS namespace (default) the pod's hostname will be used.

#### **--hostuser**=*name*

> Add host user account to /etc/passwd within container. Username or UID must

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a user account to /etc/passwd from the host to the container. The Username or UID must```

> exists on the host system.

Reviewer 2: Please make it more clear that this does not set the user in the container to be the new UID or GID.

Does this work with rootless Podman, considering UID/GID mapping means the UID/GID won't actually match the one on the host? Probably need a warning about that.

Also should mention explicitly that UID is allowed.

Author: Should we change the UID to match the UID on the host? within the user namespace?
IE Adding dwalsh (UID=3267) would end up as UID=0 within the container.

> Add a user account to /etc/passwd from the host to the container. The Username
> or UID must exists on the host system.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Add a user account to /etc/passwd from the host to the container. The username
or UID must exist on the host system.
```
Same below.
